refactor: move getSyncableElements to CollabWrapper & expose isInvisiblySmallElement helper (#3471)
excalidraw/excalidraw: src/packages/excalidraw/CHANGELOG.md

- When switching theme, apply it only to the active Excalidraw component. This fixes a case where the theme was getting applied to the first Excalidraw component if you had multiple Excalidraw components on the same page [#3446](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/3446)

### Refactor

- #### BREAKING CHANGE

>   - Removed exposing `getSyncableElements` helper which was specific to our collab implementation [#3471](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/3471). If you happened to use it, you can easily reimplement it yourself using the newly exposed `isInvisiblySmallElement` helper:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Removed exposing `getSyncableElements` helper which was specific to excalidraw app collab implementation [#3471](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/3471). If you happened to use it, you can easily reimplement it yourself using the newly exposed [isInvisiblySmallElement](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/packages/excalidraw/README.md#isInvisiblySmallElement) helper:
```
